# CS340-GraziosoSalvare

In order to keep the python CRUD module readable and maintainable, it was crucial to write code that was simple enough to be easily implemented into other programs. This means writing functions with a clear purpose and using insustry standard naming conventions along with inline comments. For the most part, the functions in this module were easy to create in that they used built-in mongo functions to manipulate the database such as the find() function in mongo. This helped to keep the intent of eah function in the module clear and easy to understand. In the future, this module could be expanded to include other functions that can manipulat the database. There could be a functionality in this module implemented that could allow aggregation techniques to be used in the mongo database. This could help build more sophisticated apps with more functionalities in them and expnaded versions f the dashboard created in this project.

The problem in this project required more attention to the overall design of a fully functional application than other assignments in previous courses. There was a lot of thought that went into how the dashboard and its different components would physically look like based on the user requirements presented in the project's description. This project also required a much more in-depth understanding of how the MVC design pattern is actually implemented. This means knowing how the backend database works and how it is connected to the python CRUD module to allow other python scripts to use and manipulate the data on the mongo database. On future databases, I would make it a priority to keep the contents of the database as organized as possible since it is easy to get lost in the data that each document holds as the documents get more and more complex. I would also use more sophisticated queries with aggregation techniques to make the data that is presented in the application more meaningful.

In simple terms, the computer scientist's job is to listen to the clients needs and user requirements and create programs/applications according to these needs. They will do their best to present information in the applicatioins they build in a meaningful, easy to understand way that requires minimal education to the user on how to use the applications they build. By approaching problems in this way, companies such as Grazioso Salvare will be able to deliver high quality software to their user base and keep anyone that uses the software content and hopefully makes their lives a little more efficient.
